OSDOCS 7460: Modified the note in 'About cert manager section' (#70743)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cert-manager-about.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Do not attempt to use both cert-manager Operator for {product-title} and community {cert-manager-operator} at the same time in your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not attempt to use both {cert-manager-operator} for {product-title} and community cert-manager operator at the same time in your cluster.
```

Reviewer: I think it should be fine to not remove the second sentence: `If you have a community cert-manager Operator installed in your cluster, you must uninstall it before installing the {cert-manager-operator}.`

Author: ack.

> Do not attempt to use both {cert-manager-operator} for {product-title} and community cert-manager operator at the same time in your cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do not attempt to use both {cert-manager-operator} for {product-title} and the community cert-manager Operator at the same time in your cluster.
```

Author: Ack.

> Also you not install multiple {cert-manager-operator} for {product-title} in different namespace in one OpenShift cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also you should not install multiple {cert-manager-operator} for {product-title} in different namespaces within one OpenShift cluster.
```

Author: ack

> Also you should not install multiple {cert-manager-operator} for {product-title} in different namespaces within one OpenShift cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also, you should not install {cert-manager-operator} for {product-title} in multiple namespaces within a single OpenShift cluster.
```

Author: Ack.
